tile.arcaneWorkbench.name
tile.crystalOre.name
tile.petrifiedStone.name
tile.iceStatue.name
tile.crystalFlower.name
tile.snare.name
tile.transportationStone.name
tile.spectralBlock.name
tile.crystalBlock.name
item.magicCrystal.name
item.magicWand.name
item.apprenticeWand.name
item.advancedWand.name
item.masterWand.name
item.spellBook.name
item.arcaneTome.name
item.arcaneTome.desc1
item.arcaneTome.desc2
item.wizardHandbook.name
item.wizardHandbook.desc
item.wand.buff
item.wand.spell
item.wand.mana
item.wand.addally
item.wand.removeally
item.basicFireWand.name
item.basicIceWand.name
item.basicLightningWand.name
item.basicNecromancyWand.name
item.basicEarthWand.name
item.basicSorceryWand.name
item.basicHealingWand.name
item.apprenticeFireWand.name
item.apprenticeIceWand.name
item.apprenticeLightningWand.name
item.apprenticeNecromancyWand.name
item.apprenticeEarthWand.name
item.apprenticeSorceryWand.name
item.apprenticeHealingWand.name
item.advancedFireWand.name
item.advancedIceWand.name
item.advancedLightningWand.name
item.advancedNecromancyWand.name
item.advancedEarthWand.name
item.advancedSorceryWand.name
item.advancedHealingWand.name
item.masterFireWand.name
item.masterIceWand.name
item.masterLightningWand.name
item.masterNecromancyWand.name
item.masterEarthWand.name
item.masterSorceryWand.name
item.masterHealingWand.name
item.spectralSword.name
item.spectralPickaxe.name
item.spectralBow.name
item.manaFlask.name
item.storageUpgrade.name
item.siphonUpgrade.name
item.condenserUpgrade.name
item.rangeUpgrade.name
item.durationUpgrade.name
item.cooldownUpgrade.name
item.blastUpgrade.name
item.attunementUpgrade.name
item.flamingAxe.name
item.frostAxe.name
item.firebomb.name
item.poisonBomb.name
item.smoke_bomb.name
item.blankScroll.name
item.scroll.name
item.scroll.undiscovered.name
item.identification_scroll.name
item.identification_scroll.desc1
item.identification_scroll.desc2
item.identification_scroll.nothing_to_identify
item.armourUpgrade.name
item.armourUpgrade.desc1
item.armourUpgrade.desc2
item.magicSilk.name
item.wizardArmour.legendary
item.wizardArmour.buff
item.wizardArmour.mana
item.wizard_hat.name
item.wizard_robe.name
item.wizard_leggings.name
item.wizard_boots.name
item.wizard_hat_fire.name
item.wizard_robe_fire.name
item.wizard_leggings_fire.name
item.wizard_boots_fire.name
item.wizard_hat_ice.name
item.wizard_robe_ice.name
item.wizard_leggings_ice.name
item.wizard_boots_ice.name
item.wizard_hat_lightning.name
item.wizard_robe_lightning.name
item.wizard_leggings_lightning.name
item.wizard_boots_lightning.name
item.wizard_hat_necromancy.name
item.wizard_robe_necromancy.name
item.wizard_leggings_necromancy.name
item.wizard_boots_necromancy.name
item.wizard_hat_earth.name
item.wizard_robe_earth.name
item.wizard_leggings_earth.name
item.wizard_boots_earth.name
item.wizard_hat_sorcery.name
item.wizard_robe_sorcery.name
item.wizard_leggings_sorcery.name
item.wizard_boots_sorcery.name
item.wizard_hat_healing.name
item.wizard_robe_healing.name
item.wizard_leggings_healing.name
item.wizard_boots_healing.name
item.spawn_wizard.name
item.spawn_evil_wizard.name
item.spectral_helmet.name
item.spectral_chestplate.name
item.spectral_leggings.name
item.spectral_boots.name
entity.wizardry.summonedcreature.nameplate
entity.wizardry.summonedcreature.nameplate_fallback
entity.wizardry.Zombie Minion.name
entity.wizardry.Skeleton Minion.name
entity.wizardry.Spider Minion.name
entity.wizardry.Blaze Minion.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Wraith.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Wraith.name
entity.wizardry.Shadow Wraith.name
entity.wizardry.Spirit Wolf.name
entity.wizardry.Spirit Horse.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Giant.name
entity.wizardry.Phoenix.name
entity.wizardry.Wizard.name
entity.wizardry.Magic Slime.name
entity.wizardry.Silverfish Minion.name
entity.wizardry.Storm Elemental.name
entity.wizardry.Evil Wizard.name
entity.wizardry.Decoy.name
entity.wizardry.Magic Missile.name
entity.wizardry.Arc.name
entity.wizardry.Spark Bomb.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Shard.name
entity.wizardry.Firebomb.name
entity.wizardry.Poison Bomb.name
entity.wizardry.Force Orb.name
entity.wizardry.Spark.name
entity.wizardry.Darkness Orb.name
entity.wizardry.Fire Sigil.name
entity.wizardry.Frost Sigil.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Sigil.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Arrow.name
entity.wizardry.Firebolt.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Charge.name
entity.wizardry.Force Arrow.name
entity.wizardry.Dart.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Disc.name
entity.wizardry.Thunderbolt.name
entity.wizardry.Decay.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Lance.name
entity.wizardry.Smoke Bomb.name
entity.wizardry.Ice Spike.name
entity.wizardry.Black Hole.name
entity.wizardry.Shield.name
entity.wizardry.Meteor.name
entity.wizardry.Blizzard.name
entity.wizardry.Bubble.name
entity.wizardry.Tornado.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Hammer.name
entity.wizardry.Arrow Rain.name
entity.wizardry.Healing Aura.name
entity.wizardry.Forcefield.name
entity.wizardry.Ring of Fire.name
entity.wizardry.Earthquake.name
entity.wizardry.Falling Grass.name
entity.wizardry.Hailstorm.name
entity.wizardry.Lightning Pulse.name
itemGroup.wizardry
itemGroup.wizardryspells
achievement.Crystal
achievement.Crystal.desc
achievement.ArcaneInitiate
achievement.ArcaneInitiate.desc
achievement.Apprentice
achievement.Apprentice.desc
achievement.Master
achievement.Master.desc
achievement.AllSpells
achievement.AllSpells.desc
achievement.WizardTrade
achievement.WizardTrade.desc
achievement.BuyMasterSpell
achievement.BuyMasterSpell.desc
achievement.FreezeBlaze
achievement.FreezeBlaze.desc
achievement.ChargeCreeper
achievement.ChargeCreeper.desc
achievement.Frankenstein
achievement.Frankenstein.desc
achievement.SpecialUpgrade
achievement.SpecialUpgrade.desc
achievement.CraftFlask
achievement.CraftFlask.desc
achievement.Elemental
achievement.Elemental.desc
achievement.ArmourSet
achievement.ArmourSet.desc
achievement.Legendary
achievement.Legendary.desc
achievement.SelfDestruct
achievement.SelfDestruct.desc
achievement.PigTornado
achievement.PigTornado.desc
achievement.JamWizard
achievement.JamWizard.desc
achievement.SlimeSkeleton
achievement.SlimeSkeleton.desc
achievement.AngerWizard
achievement.AngerWizard.desc
achievement.DefeatEvilWizard
achievement.DefeatEvilWizard.desc
achievement.MaxOutWand
achievement.MaxOutWand.desc
achievement.ElementMaster
achievement.ElementMaster.desc
achievement.IdentifySpell
achievement.IdentifySpell.desc
tile.transportationStone.confirm
tile.transportationStone.invalid
container.arcaneWorkbench
container.arcaneWorkbench.apply
container.arcaneWorkbench.mana
container.arcaneWorkbench.upgrades
tier.basic
tier.apprentice
tier.advanced
tier.master
element.simple
element.fire
element.ice
element.lightning
element.necromancy
element.earth
element.sorcery
element.healing
element.simple.wizard
element.fire.wizard
element.ice.wizard
element.lightning.wizard
element.necromancy.wizard
element.earth.wizard
element.sorcery.wizard
element.healing.wizard
spelltype.attack
spelltype.defence
spelltype.utility
spelltype.minion
spell.disabled
spell.resist
spell.discover
spell.agility
spell.arc
spell.arcane_jammer
spell.arrow_rain
spell.banish
spell.black_hole
spell.blink
spell.blizzard
spell.bubble
spell.chain_lightning
spell.clairvoyance
spell.cobwebs
spell.conjure_armour
spell.conjure_bow
spell.conjure_pickaxe
spell.conjure_sword
spell.cure_effects
spell.curse_of_soulbinding
spell.darkness_orb
spell.darkvision
spell.dart
spell.decay
spell.decoy
spell.detonate
spell.diamondflesh
spell.earthquake
spell.entrapment
spell.fireball
spell.firebolt
spell.firebomb
spell.fire_resistance
spell.fire_sigil
spell.fireskin
spell.firestorm
spell.flame_ray
spell.flaming_axe
spell.flaming_weapon
spell.flight
spell.font_of_mana
spell.font_of_vitality
spell.force_arrow
spell.forcefield
spell.force_orb
spell.forests_curse
spell.freeze
spell.freezing_weapon
spell.frost_axe
spell.frost_ray
spell.frost_sigil
spell.glide
spell.greater_fireball
spell.greater_heal
spell.group_heal
spell.growth_aura
spell.hailstorm
spell.heal
spell.heal_ally
spell.healing_aura
spell.homing_spark
spell.ice_age
spell.ice_charge
spell.ice_lance
spell.ice_shard
spell.ice_shroud
spell.ice_spikes
spell.ice_statue
spell.ignite
spell.imbue_weapon
spell.intimidate
spell.invigorating_presence
spell.invisibility
spell.invoke_weather
spell.ironflesh
spell.leap
spell.levitation
spell.life_drain
spell.light
spell.lightning_arrow
spell.lightning_bolt
spell.lightning_disc
spell.lightning_hammer
spell.lightning_pulse
spell.lightning_ray
spell.lightning_sigil
spell.lightning_web
spell.magic_missile
spell.metamorphosis
spell.meteor
spell.mind_control
spell.mind_trick
spell.none
spell.oakflesh
spell.petrify
spell.phase_step
spell.plague_of_darkness
spell.pocket_furnace
spell.pocket_workbench
spell.poison
spell.poison_bomb
spell.replenish_hunger
spell.ring_of_fire
spell.shadow_ward
spell.shield
spell.shockwave
spell.silverfish_swarm
spell.sixth_sense
spell.slime
spell.smoke_bomb
spell.snare
spell.snowball
spell.spark_bomb
spell.spectral_pathway
spell.spider_swarm
spell.static_aura
spell.summon_blaze
spell.summon_ice_giant
spell.summon_ice_wraith
spell.summon_iron_golem
spell.summon_lightning_wraith
spell.summon_phoenix
spell.summon_shadow_wraith
spell.summon_skeleton
spell.summon_skeleton_legion
spell.summon_snow_golem
spell.summon_spirit_horse
spell.summon_spirit_wolf
spell.summon_storm_elemental
spell.summon_wither_skeleton
spell.summon_zombie
spell.telekinesis
spell.thunderbolt
spell.thunderstorm
spell.tornado
spell.transience
spell.transportation
spell.vanishing_box
spell.wall_of_frost
spell.water_breathing
spell.whirlwind
spell.wither
spell.wither_skull
spell.agility.desc
spell.arc.desc
spell.arcane_jammer.desc
spell.arrow_rain.desc
spell.banish.desc
spell.black_hole.desc
spell.blink.desc
spell.blizzard.desc
spell.bubble.desc
spell.chain_lightning.desc
spell.clairvoyance.desc
spell.cobwebs.desc
spell.conjure_armour.desc
spell.conjure_bow.desc
spell.conjure_pickaxe.desc
spell.conjure_sword.desc
spell.cure_effects.desc
spell.curse_of_soulbinding.desc
spell.darkness_orb.desc
spell.darkvision.desc
spell.dart.desc
spell.decay.desc
spell.decoy.desc
spell.detonate.desc
spell.diamondflesh.desc
spell.earthquake.desc
spell.entrapment.desc
spell.fireball.desc
spell.firebolt.desc
spell.firebomb.desc
spell.fire_resistance.desc
spell.fire_sigil.desc
spell.fireskin.desc
spell.firestorm.desc
spell.flame_ray.desc
spell.flaming_axe.desc
spell.flaming_weapon.desc
spell.flight.desc
spell.font_of_mana.desc
spell.font_of_vitality.desc
spell.force_arrow.desc
spell.forcefield.desc
spell.force_orb.desc
spell.forests_curse.desc
spell.freeze.desc
spell.freezing_weapon.desc
spell.frost_axe.desc
spell.frost_ray.desc
spell.frost_sigil.desc
spell.glide.desc
spell.greater_fireball.desc
spell.greater_heal.desc
spell.group_heal.desc
spell.growth_aura.desc
spell.hailstorm.desc
spell.heal.desc
spell.heal_ally.desc
spell.healing_aura.desc
spell.homing_spark.desc
spell.ice_age.desc
spell.ice_charge.desc
spell.ice_lance.desc
spell.ice_shard.desc
spell.ice_shroud.desc
spell.ice_spikes.desc
spell.ice_statue.desc
spell.ignite.desc
spell.imbue_weapon.desc
spell.intimidate.desc
spell.invigorating_presence.desc
spell.invisibility.desc
spell.invoke_weather.desc
spell.ironflesh.desc
spell.leap.desc
spell.levitation.desc
spell.life_drain.desc
spell.light.desc
spell.lightning_arrow.desc
spell.lightning_bolt.desc
spell.lightning_disc.desc
spell.lightning_hammer.desc
spell.lightning_pulse.desc
spell.lightning_ray.desc
spell.lightning_sigil.desc
spell.lightning_web.desc
spell.magic_missile.desc
spell.metamorphosis.desc
spell.meteor.desc
spell.mind_control.desc
spell.mind_trick.desc
spell.none.desc
spell.oakflesh.desc
spell.petrify.desc
spell.phase_step.desc
spell.plague_of_darkness.desc
spell.pocket_furnace.desc
spell.pocket_workbench.desc
spell.poison.desc
spell.poison_bomb.desc
spell.replenish_hunger.desc
spell.ring_of_fire.desc
spell.shadow_ward.desc
spell.shield.desc
spell.shockwave.desc
spell.silverfish_swarm.desc
spell.sixth_sense.desc
spell.slime.desc
spell.smoke_bomb.desc
spell.snare.desc
spell.snowball.desc
spell.spark_bomb.desc
spell.spectral_pathway.desc
spell.spider_swarm.desc
spell.static_aura.desc
spell.summon_blaze.desc
spell.summon_ice_giant.desc
spell.summon_ice_wraith.desc
spell.summon_iron_golem.desc
spell.summon_lightning_wraith.desc
spell.summon_phoenix.desc
spell.summon_shadow_wraith.desc
spell.summon_skeleton.desc
spell.summon_skeleton_legion.desc
spell.summon_snow_golem.desc
spell.summon_spirit_horse.desc
spell.summon_spirit_wolf.desc
spell.summon_storm_elemental.desc
spell.summon_wither_skeleton.desc
spell.summon_zombie.desc
spell.telekinesis.desc
spell.thunderbolt.desc
spell.thunderstorm.desc
spell.tornado.desc
spell.transience.desc
spell.transportation.desc
spell.vanishing_box.desc
spell.wall_of_frost.desc
spell.water_breathing.desc
spell.whirlwind.desc
spell.wither.desc
spell.wither_skull.desc
spell.invoke_weather.sun
spell.invoke_weather.rain
spell.transportation.missing
spell.transportation.undefined
spell.transportation.wrongdimension
spell.clairvoyance.searching
spell.clairvoyance.confirm
spell.clairvoyance.outofrange
spell.clairvoyance.undefined
spell.clairvoyance.wrongdimension
potion.frost
potion.fireskin
potion.ice_shroud
potion.static_aura
potion.transience
potion.decay
potion.sixth_sense
potion.arcane_jammer
potion.mind_trick
potion.mind_control
potion.font_of_mana
potion.fear
enchantment.magic_sword
enchantment.magic_bow
enchantment.flaming_weapon
enchantment.freezing_weapon
key.categories.wizardry
key.next_spell
key.previous_spell
death.attack.wizardryMagic
death.attack.indirectWizardryMagic
commands.cast.usage
commands.cast.success
commands.cast.success_continuous
commands.cast.success_remote
commands.cast.success_remote_continuous
commands.cast.fail
commands.cast.not_found
commands.ally.usage
commands.ally.addally
commands.ally.removeally
commands.ally.self
commands.ally.permission
commands.allies.usage
commands.allies.list
commands.allies.list_other
commands.allies.permission
commands.allies.none
commands.discoverspell.usage
commands.discoverspell.not_found
commands.discoverspell.clear
commands.discoverspell.all
commands.discoverspell.addspell
commands.discoverspell.removespell
config.title.general
config.category.spells
config.category.spells.tooltip
config.title.spells
config.subtitle.spells
config.category.resistances
config.category.resistances.tooltip
config.title.resistances
config.subtitle.resistances
config.category.ids
config.category.ids.tooltip
config.title.ids
config.subtitle.ids
config.tower_rarity
config.ore_dimensions
config.flower_dimensions
config.tower_dimensions
config.spell_book_drop_chance
config.generate_loot
config.firebomb_is_craftable
config.poison_bomb_is_craftable
config.smoke_bomb_is_craftable
config.use_alternate_scroll_recipe
config.teleport_through_unbreakable_blocks
config.show_summoned_creature_names
config.friendly_fire
config.telekinetic_disarmament
config.discovery_mode
config.enable_shift_scrolling
config.minion_revenge_targeting
config.player_damage_scaling
config.npc_damage_scaling
config.cast_command_multiplier_limit
config.summoned_creature_targets_whitelist
config.summoned_creature_targets_blacklist
config.spell_hud_position
config.cast_command_name
config.discoverspell_command_name
config.ally_command_name
config.allies_command_name
config.mobs_immune_to_fire
config.mobs_immune_to_ice
config.mobs_immune_to_lightning
config.mobs_immune_to_wither
config.mobs_immune_to_poison
config.frost_potion_id
config.transience_potion_id
config.fireskin_potion_id
config.ice_shroud_potion_id
config.static_aura_potion_id
config.decay_potion_id
config.sixth_sense_potion_id
config.arcane_jammer_potion_id
config.mind_trick_potion_id
config.mind_control_potion_id
config.font_of_mana_potion_id
config.fear_potion_id
config.magic_sword_enchantment_id
config.magic_bow_enchantment_id
config.flaming_weapon_enchantment_id
config.freezing_weapon_enchantment_id
config.tower_rarity.tooltip
config.ore_dimensions.tooltip
config.flower_dimensions.tooltip
config.tower_dimensions.tooltip
config.spell_book_drop_chance.tooltip
config.generate_loot.tooltip
config.firebomb_is_craftable.tooltip
config.poison_bomb_is_craftable.tooltip
config.smoke_bomb_is_craftable.tooltip
config.use_alternate_scroll_recipe.tooltip
config.teleport_through_unbreakable_blocks.tooltip
config.show_summoned_creature_names.tooltip
config.friendly_fire.tooltip
config.telekinetic_disarmament.tooltip
config.discovery_mode.tooltip
config.enable_shift_scrolling.tooltip
config.minion_revenge_targeting.tooltip
config.player_damage_scaling.tooltip
config.npc_damage_scaling.tooltip
config.cast_command_multiplier_limit.tooltip
config.summoned_creature_targets_whitelist.tooltip
config.summoned_creature_targets_blacklist.tooltip
config.spell_hud_position.tooltip
config.cast_command_name.tooltip
config.discoverspell_command_name.tooltip
config.ally_command_name.tooltip
config.allies_command_name.tooltip
config.mobs_immune_to_fire.tooltip
config.mobs_immune_to_ice.tooltip
config.mobs_immune_to_lightning.tooltip
config.mobs_immune_to_wither.tooltip
config.mobs_immune_to_poison.tooltip
config.frost_potion_id.tooltip
config.transience_potion_id.tooltip
config.fireskin_potion_id.tooltip
config.ice_shroud_potion_id.tooltip
config.static_aura_potion_id.tooltip
config.decay_potion_id.tooltip
config.sixth_sense_potion_id.tooltip
config.arcane_jammer_potion_id.tooltip
config.mind_trick_potion_id.tooltip
config.mind_control_potion_id.tooltip
config.font_of_mana_potion_id.tooltip
config.fear_potion_id.tooltip
config.magic_sword_enchantment_id.tooltip
config.magic_bow_enchantment_id.tooltip
config.flaming_weapon_enchantment_id.tooltip
config.freezing_weapon_enchantment_id.tooltip
wizard.debug